with new social norms such as wearing
masks staying six feet apart we could
all use a little advice on manners
during this coronavirus pandemic and
here with more on the evolving etiquette
from the Emily Post Institute is Lizzy
pose so Lizzy thanks for being with us
you're the perfect person to speak to so
I want to start off with supermarket
etiquette what are the rules we should
be following well we really want to be
following whatever the rules or
supermarkets are setting so whether
that's following a directional path up
and down the aisles if it's wearing
masks for everyone I believe it is still
trying to keep that physical six foot
distance which I think we need a lot of
practice with but things are so
different now you're not picking up all
the different produce and boxes and
reading labels you're trying to really
only engage with product when you're
going to select it you're also trying to
look around you make sure that there's
not someone waiting six feet away to get
into that spot that has the item that
you're looking for we also really want
to be extra courteous to the staff who
are there every day there are essential
workers and they're making it possible
for us to purchase these items so you
don't just want to say thank you at the
cash register I'm gonna say it to all
the staff that you're seeing I think
that's wonderful advice I love that what
about outdoor activities a lot of people
walking their dogs running even riding
their bikes what are what are what are
the tips you give this is a really hard
space right because you're outdoors so
it feels like you're more protected than
when you're in those smaller confined
spaces but there's been a lot a lot of
talk about still needing to maintain
physical distance in these faces a lot
of rec paths aren't actually you know a
full twelve feet wide or six feet wide
so you're you're trying to gauge
distances that were not used to having
to gauge get really familiar with what
six feet looks like you might even want
to measure on your own pads or sidewalks
to see kind of really how far away do
you need to move my mom always tells me
she says you know put your arm out and
if they put their arm out it's about six
feet between the two of you but it's
it's a really tough one you need to wear
that mass
every time you pass somebody for sure I
can understand when you're not on a
block that has anyone else on it you
want to pull it down get that fresh air
but if you're on a bike if you're
running if you're walking rollerblades
eight boards razors whatever it is you
really want to be creating that six feet
you want to be wearing your mask and if
you're in a group drop back to
single-file as you go to past someone
because it allows you to create more
room you don't end up pushing someone
way off a path or into the street or
into someone's yard in order to create
the proper distance yeah I know that is
very important I love that this is an
interesting one I'm curious what you're
gonna say because in these times we're
hearing a lot of people cheering loudly
blasting their music playing music and
maybe they have the best of intentions
what your thought is that polite or not
what are the circumstances in which it
is or it isn't this is a really tough
one I think it's really cool the way a
lot of cities and towns have rallied
around a specific time of day to do it
as a cheer for everyone both to lift
spirits and to encourage all our
essential workers I want to take away
from that at all but you do want to
think about it when you go and venture
out on your own in ours that aren't your
cities our to do it I think 7:00 p.m. is
typically both the timeframe most people
are aiming for it's all about being
consider that pretty much sums it up
Lizzie post etiquette expert thank you
so much for your time we appreciate it
thank you so much to you hi everyone
George Stephanopoulos here thanks for
checking out the ABC News YouTube
channel if you'd like to get more videos
show highlights and watch live event
coverage click on the right over here to
subscribe to our Channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for watching